[6.1.4.3] Order update (#484)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

3. The mobile robot reports an error of type 'OUTDATED_ORDER_UPDATE' and level 'WARNING'.
4. The mobile robot continues with executing the previous order.

> If the mobile robot receives an order with the same `orderId` and `orderUpdateId` twice, it has to reply with an error. Sending an order update is a handshake mechanism where one party waits for an answer from the other party. If the robot reports that it did not receive the order update, resend it. If there is a communication issue, wait for the robot to come back online.

Reviewer: How exactly does the robot report that it did not receive an order update? (it cannot know about it)

Reviewer: Thanks for clarification.

"Sending an order update is a handshake mechanism where one party waits for an answer from the other party. If the robot does not acknowledge the oder update in a state message within 30sec (see chapter 6.6 State), resend it"
Although the handshake mechanism might be the common way, I would not use this place to define it. _If_ you want to define it as as a requirement, I propose to properly do so in [6.1.2](https://github.com/VDA5050/VDA5050/blob/dev/V3.0.0/VDA5050_EN.md#612-orders-and-order-update).

3. The mobile robot reports an error of type 'OUTDATED_ORDER_UPDATE' and level 'WARNING'.
4. The mobile robot continues with executing the previous order.

> If the mobile robot receives an order with the same `orderId` and `orderUpdateId` twice, it either has to be ignored or an error has to be reported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the mobile robot receives an order with the same `orderId` and `orderUpdateId` twice, reaction depends on the content of the message:
```
Try to make clear that following sentences are the continuation.

- If the content of the new order is the same as the content of the previous one, the mobile robot shall ingore the new order. This might happen, if the fleet control resends the order because the robot did not acknowledge the oder update in a state message within 30sec (see chapter 6.6 State).

> - If the content differs the mobile robot reports an error of type 'SAME_ORDER_UPDATE_ID' and level 'WARNING'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the content differs the mobile robot shall report an error of type 'SAME_ORDER_UPDATE_ID' and level 'WARNING'.
```
